Taj Mahal
Taj Road, Agra.
UP
Monument
The Taj Mahal is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra.
5000


Goa 
Goa state beach
Goa
Beach
Goa is a state on the southwestern coast of India within the region known as the Konkan, separated from the Deccan highlands of the state of Karnataka by the Western Ghats.
3500


Shimla
The ridge
Himachal Pradesh
Hill Station
Shimla, also known as Simla, is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. Shimla is also a district which is bounded by the state of Uttarakhand in the south-east, districts of Mandi and Kullu in the north.
4000

SundarBans
 Khulna Division, Bangladesh
West Bengal
Forest
The Sundarbans is a mangrove area in the delta formed by the confluence of Ganges, Brahmaputra and Meghna Rivers in the Bay of Bengal. It spans from the Hooghly River in India's state of West Bengal to the Baleswar River in Bangladesh.
6000

Puri
Puri Beach, Bhubaneshwar
Orissa
Beach
Puri is a city and a Municipality in the state of Odisha in eastern India. It is the district headquarters of Puri district and is situated on the Bay of Bengal, 60 kilometres south of the state capital of Bhubaneswar. 
2500

Gorumara
Gorumara National Park
West Bengal
Forest
Gorumara National Park is a National Park in northern West Bengal, India. Located in the Dooars region of the Himalayan foothills, it is a medium-sized park with grasslands and forests.
4000

Kashmir
Jammu and Kashmir Hill area
Jammu and Kashmir
Hill Station
Kashmir is the northernmost geographical region of the Indian subcontinent. Until the mid-19th century, the term "Kashmir" denoted only the Kashmir Valley between the Great Himalayas and the Pir Panjal Range. 
7500

Jaipur Fort
Jaipur, Rajasthan
Rajasthan
Monument
Jaipur is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan.  Jaipur is also known as the Pink City, due to the dominant color scheme of its buildings. 
4000

Gir
Gir National Park, Gujrat
Gujrat
Forest
Gir National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary, also known as Sasan Gir, is a forest and wildlife sanctuary near Talala Gir in Gujarat, India.
5500


Red Fort
 Netaji Subhash Marg, Chandni Chowk, New Delhi, Delhi 110006
Delhi
Monument
The Red Fort is a historic fort in the city of Delhi in India. Every year on the Independence day of India, the Prime Minister hoists the Indian "tricolour flag" at the main gate of the fort and delivers a nationally broadcast speech from its ramparts.
4500